init: high level docs (#95)
LibertyDSNP/graph-sdk: config/README.md

# Graph SDK Configuration
<p>
All of different settings and configuration parameters are encapsulated inside this module.
</p>

> #### Supported `Environments` and their related configuration
>   - `Mainnet` : which is the **production** related settings
>   - `Rococo` : which is the **staging** related settings
>   - `Dev` : which is for **local** development and testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Supported `Environments` and their corresponding configurations:
- `Mainnet`: This environment corresponds to the **production** settings. It is used for live deployments and real-world usage.
- `Rococo`: This environment represents the **staging** settings. It is typically used for pre-production testing and validation before deployment to the production environment.
- `Dev`: The `Dev` environment is specifically designed for **local** development and testing purposes. It allows developers to experiment and iterate on their code locally without affecting the production or staging environments.

These different environments provide flexibility and allow developers to adapt their application to specific stages of development, testing, and production, ensuring a smooth transition from development to deployment.
```

### Graphs and Schemas

> Due to `DSNP` implementation over `Frequency` Chain, we are associating each a specific and well-defined Avro schema

Reviewer: This is not clear especially this part
`we are associating each a specific and well-defined Avro schema`

Reviewer: Yeah much better
